NET-581 - Added vault namespace in helm (#2841)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: .changelog/2841.txt

```release-note:improvement

> vault: Add `namespace` to `secretsBackend.vault.connectCA` in Helm chart. This provides a more convenient way to specify the Vault namespace than nested JSON in `connectCA.additionalConfig`.

Reviewer: This likely needs to change based on the new values we decided from the review.

```release-note:improvement

> vault: Adds `namespace` to `secretsBackend.vault.connectCA` in Helm chart and annotation: "vault.hashicorp.com/namespace: namespace" to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault: Adds `secretsBackend.vault.vaultNamespace` to configure a new value `secretsBackend.vault.connectCA` in Helm chart and apply the following value "vault.hashicorp.com/namespace: namespace" to `secretsBackend.vault.agentAnnotations` 
```

> vault: Adds `secretsBackend.vault.vaultNamespace` value to configure a new value `secretsBackend.vault.connectCA` in the Helm chart and used to append the following value "vault.hashicorp.com/namespace: namespace" to `secretsBackend.vault.agentAnnotations` 
> secretsBackend.vault.agentAnnotations if "vault.hashicorp.com/namespace" annotation is not present.
> This provides a more convenient way to specify the Vault namespace than nested JSON in `connectCA.additionalConfig`.

Reviewer 2: ~ Optional, thought might help to simplify this entry based on recent changes:
```suggestion
vault: Adds `secretsBackend.vault.vaultNamespace` to Helm chart. If set, the value will be used in the `vault.hashicorp.com/namespace` annotation under `secretsBackend.vault.agentAnnotations` and the `namespace` field in `connectCA.additionalConfig`, if not already configured by those fields.
This provides a more convenient way to specify a single value for use across multiple fields that configure a Vault namespace.
```
